While on the beat to create experiences to continue prologue encoutered in media content subscription I located the Pronoun 

resoulution project on Kraggel. So to use my dual knowledge of spanish, english and study of neuro learn sequences 

(internal/external) through subscription or tune to televisual and auditory information, I joined the project to 

raise money for a  fintech business proposition I currently hold in regards to plot and dialogue progression 

in continuation with content media reactions which require responses and behaviors. My interpretations of the work by 

@inproceedings{webster2018gap,
  title =     {Mind the GAP: A Balanced Corpus of Gendered Ambiguou},
  author =    {Webster, Kellie and Recasens, Marta and Axelrod, Vera and Baldridge, Jason},
  booktitle = {Transactions of the ACL},
  year =      {2018},
  pages =     {to appear},
}

is in compliance with the Google Individual Contributor License Agreement.


My work is conclusive through SEO auditory feedback of my own thought process and and forward perception of the resources 

given within the project documents.

                                    Gender Bias as perceiable from excerpt in The Communist Manifesto 
                                                  By Karl Marx & Friedrich Engels 
                                        "The increase in female employment has made the language of the manifesto
                                        appear dated: as appeals for the unity of 'working men' have all but seized.
                                       The growth of more individualized political concerns and the proliferation of 
                                       single issue campaings have made the ambition to turn the working class into a party 
                                       which appears incomprehensible"          

Gender Bias occurs as Boy and Girl interaction happens at instances in which both react to time trail (Determinism or AD) 

trait sequences with out of context individual tendencies. The purpose and interest in ending gender bias is due to the 

health concerns and literary stagnation which occur as people transition through states with behaviors which don't comply 

with the masculine or feminine labels which the opposite gender has adheard to. 

Offset A or B is the point or instance in which pronoun reaction or internal perception to continue pronoun trait sequence 

halts. New instance must be located to increase personality ability while algo-loop increments characteristic 

or reaction which correlates with pronoun. To create pronoun resolutions as boy and girl continue pronoun trait sequence 

we must understand pronouns as they are looped around after traitable encounters occur.

To create pronoun resolutions within on going behavior, the language which a person adheres from human voice must be 

considered first. These Traitable instances occur as boy or girl is reinforced from point in which he or she was 

conceived based on feelings or sentiments based on their performance. Personality and character variance happens as the 

boy or girl encounters instances and develops tendencies when he or she responds  and reacts to human voice with their

behavior of choice or how the other expects. At this instance the boy or girl is in association progression 

with the same sentiments or feelings they are provoked by visual and auditory stimulus from content media subscription. 

Another way which we can examine pronoun behavior is through written examination of case progression or 

scenario developments like the ones given in the test_stage_1.tsv file. Gender bias as it happens at the pronoun instance 

occurs in contadiction with individual tendencies against the other gender as they are acted upon for the purpose of roles 

learned later in life after the acklowledgement of gender roles. The data interpretation columns do not allow for gender 

bias in the greater context to be conceived as coding in rhythm provides mere glimpses of it's occurence. Therefore in this 

research I utilized case study research methods learned in my experimental psychology class. 

                                                      EXAMPLE
Development t-1: Maggie police officer GF of Simon possesses vigilan or "cop" behavior 

Simon is biased of his "cop" GF cheats on her, dumps her and learns faulty object relation due to 

cultural lingo association with sleep, bed and sex. Cheryl Cassidy has a friend named Pauline who is a classmate of Simon. 

Cheryl dumps her BF after Simon gives her advice when he learns her BF doesn't want to have sex with her. 

Cheryl later realized her BF wouldn't have sex with her due to confusion caused by crabs produced by her friend's 

Pauline pronoun trait sequence based on her femenine relation to Cheryl. In conclusion, gender bias is within both boys 

and girls. The internal positive tendency is within the girl. While the boy possesses bias externally or socially which 

creates negative energy compound or "crabs" within the gender. To avoid and reduce gender bias orderly communication 

at individual tendencies must practiced.


                                                    

